BD-3542: Update deleting custom data details (#8206)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/custom_data/managing_custom_data.md

- **For custom attributes:** Permanently removes the attribute data from every user's profile.
- **For custom events:** Permanently removes the event metadata from every user's profile.

> When an attribute or event is selected for deletion, its status is changed to **Trashed**. For the next seven days, it’s possible to restore the attribute or event. If you don’t restore after 7 days, the data will be permanently deleted. If you restore the attribute or event, it will be set back to the blocklisted state.

Author: ```suggestion
When an attribute or event is selected for deletion, its status is changed to **Trashed**. For the next seven days, it's possible to restore the attribute or event. If you don't restore after 7 days, the data will be permanently deleted. If you restore the attribute or event, it will be set back to the blocklisted state.
```
